# Final Assessment

&emsp;&emsp;As the sole contributor to this project I, Trent Maas have done all of the design and development needed to complete this assignment. In my fall Self-Assessment I talked about how this project would build off of my skills I gained in web development over the course of my CO-OP I also mentioned that this project would deepen my understanding of working with databases. Without building these skills any further over the course of this project completing this project would have been impossible. I've learned how to work with NoSQL databases (MongoDb specifically) and I have greatly improved my understanding of back-end web development alongside web app user authentication. Most of this understanding came from using online resources like YouTube to educate myself using the various turotials that other people have published on the matter.

&emsp;&emsp;My main Accomplishment for this project was being able to define a problem and my solution and implement that solution. Upon recieving feedback on my application I was also able to redefine my solution and implement it. Struggles that I faced during this project was definetely Time Management a large portion of the development for my applicatiopn was in the last month or two of the project. While I was still able to implement everything I desired to implement it did increase the stress involved with doing so. I also struggled to understand user authentication so development while implementing that went slower than expected.

&emsp;&emsp;Everything my Group accomplished was accomplished by its sole member with help from my advisor Dr. Giovanni Abuaitah. The main lesson I learned about group work is how much less stressful this project would be with more people. If there was more group members to work on the project together the 8 hour long attmept to implement user authentication would have only taken about 2 hours. I give special recognition to my Project Advisor for helping me along the way stay on track as if the work he encouraged me tpo do wasn't done by display at the Expo and the Final submission would have been pathetic. I would give special recognition to myself but I am enough of a narcissist.